THE FOLLOWING ARE ACTUAL STATEMENTS FOUND ON INSURANCE FORMS 
WHERE CAR DRIVERS ATTEMPTED TO SUMMARIZE THE DETAILS OF AN ACCIDENT IN 
THE FEWEST WORDS POSSIBLE.

1.  Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I 
don't have.

2.  The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its 
intentions.

3.  I thought my window was down, but I found out it was up when I put my 
head through it.

4.  I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.

5.  A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.

6.  A pedestrian hit me and then got under my car.

7.  The guy was all over the road.  I had to swerve a number of times 
before I hit him.

8.  I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother-in-law 
and went over the embankment.

9.  In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a telephone pole.

10.  I had been driving for 40 years when I fell asleep at the wheel and 
had an accident.

11.  I was on my way to the doctor with rear end trouble when my 
universal joint gave way, causing an accident.

12.  As I approached the intersection, a sign suddenly appeared in a 
place where no Stop sign had ever appeared before.  I was unable to stop 
in time to avoid an accident.

13.  To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front of me, I struck a 
pedestrian.

14.  My car was legally parked as it backed into the other vehicle.

15.  An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my car, and then vanished.

16.  I told the police that I was not injured, but upon remivng my hat I 
learned that I had fractured my skull.

17.  I was sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of 
the road when I struck him.

18.  The pedestrian had no idea which direction to run, so I ran over him.

19.  I saw a slow-moving, sad-faced old gentleman as he bounced off the 
hood of my car.

20.  The indirect cause of the accident was a little guy in a small car 
with a big mouth.

21.  I was thrown from my car as it left the road.  I was later found in 
a ditch by some stray cows.

22.  The telephone pole was approaching.  I was attempting to swerve out 
of its way when it struck me.
